1. Apk.sh is a Bash script that makes reverse engineering Android apps easier,


2. Valve Is Paying Open-Source Developers to Work on Proton, Mesa, and More,
3. The strange case of BeOS, SRS and the silent Power Mac 6500,
4. The Empty List,
5. The $8 Linux Computer,
6. Linux, Amazon, Meta, and Microsoft Want to Break the Google Maps Monopoly,
7. As unions decline, inequality rises,
8. Water-based circuit concept switches much faster than semiconductors,
9.  Google introduces end-to-end encryption for Gmail on the web,
10. GTK File Chooser Dialog gets a thumbnail view after 18 years,
11. Carp – a statically typed, non-GC Lisp language,
12. Memory Pool System is a flexible and adaptable memory manager,
13. Trains, Trucks, and Supply Chains,
14. Examining the Top Five Fallacies About RISC-V,
15. Songtell,
16. You Have Too Many Metrics,
17. The Continuity of Splines [video],
18. Binance outflows hit $6B as Mazars halts ‘proof of reserves’ work,
19. WebAssembly and Its Platform Targets,
20. Drupal 10.0,
21. Tom Lehrer has released all of his songs into the public domain,
22. Post, the latest Twitter alternative, is betting big on micropayments for news,
23. I Asked ChatGPT to Explain Some Jokes to Me,
24. As winter approaches, here's a story about why hardware is hard,
25. Open source USB C camera with C mount lens, MIPI Sensor, Lattice FPGA, USB 3.0,
26. French accounting firm Mazars is pausing all its work with crypto firms,
27. Peter Norvig critically reviews AlphaCode’s code quality,
28. So, what can you do with a process ID?,
29. Solar panels open crop lands to farming energy,
30. ‘Nasty’ geometry breaks decades-old tiling conjecture